hi I'm James Milan and I'm here to
answer all your questions on the fine
art of dressing well here is a question
I get asked a lot the answer to the
first question is simple enough
yes just working to a Raymond
made-to-measure store and when you do
that you'll find the answer to your
second question as well because even if
you know absolutely nothing about
clothes and suits the Raymond
made-to-measure style advisor will guide
you to achieve that perfect look
so first the style advisor will spend
some quality time trying to understand
you as a person your needs the clothes
you are looking for the kind of occasion
you will be wearing those clothes actor
after these and the style advisor will
help you create your unique signature
style for shirts trousers suits or
jackets she will then carefully guide
you on every aspect of the style that
will best suit you should you wear a
notch lapels or a peak should you wear a
functional cap for a normal cup and so
on once you have settled on the style
that will work best for you your style
advisor will help you to select the
fabric from a variety of swatches
finally a master tailor we measure every
detail of your body with fine precision
he will also photograph you from
different angles so that every detail or
your feet including the way you hold
your body or even the way you stand or
walk is accurately noted once you leave
the Raymond made-to-measure team moves
into action first your measurements are
fed into a database which incidentally
will allow you to order a suit in the
future from any Raymond made-to-measure
store your details are now sent to a
world-class garment crafting facility
now the individual fabric pieces are cut
to precision by laser the fabric then
undergoes a hundred-fifty machine
operation over a period of seven days to
create a unique signature garment from
fusing of colors and labels at a
regulated temperature to careful fusing
of canvases each process ensures that
your personalized garment comes with
outstanding quality finally one thing
that you will find
rather unusual is there are no fittings
or trials on the appointed day you are
perfectly fitted Raymond made-to-measure
suit will be delivered so try this once
get yourself a Bremen made-to-measure
suit and chances are you will never go
back to wearing an ordinary ready-made
ever again that's it for now to know
more about perfect 21st century dressing
just ask James Millan